 Internet per itami sari dsr playlist Type the day sare 3 resources Ravar on sabhi free resources per Millions my views Oskhe baad bhi Har ko i ek aki job in main hi le pata Job to chhodo Agar man ko ik nea lead core ka question de te Ono to bhi wo ska logic ko chse nai hi sorg paate Last video me manage up tum lobo ko best free resources batayat Tum lobo ne dhe zare comments kare Ki please how to utilize these resources in the most efficient way Is par ek video banau And this is the video on how you can use best free resources on the internet in the best and the most efficient way And tum ek kis tara ideali us ko use kkar na chai ye Ge gai dh aur ge video ko dhik nai ke baad Tum haris in the game je tani bhi logic build you related problems hai Jitani bhi ashi problem sa ki tum video to dhik teo To baad us ke baad kud se code nahi karpate ya fir video dhe kne ke baad tum Bool jate ho code ka logic ya o stop pick ko To ye video tum hari in sabhi problem sa solve kard de ki And ye video best video on e wali ye on this topic on the internet To please last tak zarur dhik nai ki Ik ek point jom hai tum hai baat nai wali ye On sare points poh hat crucial or critical So let's get started Agar to make play list ko directly ko hol kaar ushe par ne bad jate ho To please stop you don't have to do this To me directly ek play list ko hol kaar ushe par ne bad jate ho Kne ka tum kui netflix ki series nai Dhe kne ka hai ho gai stop To me wali par ek topic ko prune hai ho And questions ko kud se karna boh zana important hai Isle koi bhi play list tum hai ase nai start karni Bho hod important hai ki tum o stop pick ke pehle basic sum jo Basics or algorithms ye do cheese tum hai aani hi chahi hai O stop pick ke je tne bhi algorithms hai unki list banalo Ye list banane ka best tarikai ki tum google per search karo Graph algorithm list And to me boh hat saare articles mal jange je tne Anter different types of list batarak hi ho ki Graph ke algorithms ki Agar to m google par articles nai droon pari ho To to m ishe bhi shade ko use karsak te ho Best results ki sheet me aal ready batar chakye why button Pell link kaar doongi su video ko Ye video dhik nai ke baat mo video zarur dhik nai To mloh lhe kain aos sheet ko use karo O sheet me je tne bhi algorithms lhe khi hu ye On algorithms ko use karo Dhiyan dhak na jo sheet me tne bhaatat hi ho Boh topik why sottid hai to to to m boh hat Aram se dhik sakti ho kone se topic me Kone kone se algorithm per Kone kone se questions de rakhe To sub se pehle algorithm list Aap ne pas rakni boh hazad azur Neh Aap aate hai algorithms ko parne ka tani ka Mind you abtak me youtube par nahi hai you YouTube ki playlist tum hai abtak nahi dekhne Abtak tum algorithm zhaat basic sum jo Samaaj ne aayo to sub se pehle google per article Lead karo ek simple psychology bataat hi ho Jo menne aap ne anthar use karri Or jo meri lhe boh hazadakam karam kati hai Aalwar make isi chi chi ko parthi ho If i lead something The process of leading something Makes me more involved in understanding that topic Rather than watching a video Jis mein kui yoor explain karar Mai sir fu shko sun reyo Jamme k isi chi chi ko lead kar reyo To me zada involved moh shchi chi ko parne me Isle wo moh shi jaldi samajati hai Yaafir zada mera kudka effort lagta hai Uso ko samaajne mein Aand yeh chi iis mme nye aap ne anthar obsav karriya Isle haamme shah meh google per Drakar articles lead karriya When i make sure i read them properly Yuki jhaap meh wo se lead karriya I am more involved in reading Aagar moh shi read kar ke samaajne nahi aate To meh jee piti ke paas jaaat hi ho Jeepiti ko boltey ho ki moh shi Yeh chaar logic Is particular text meh samaajne nahi aaya Can you feel elaborate And the best part is ki jeepiti boh hazad Chisay elaborate karriya Oneslih jhaap meh padrihi jhaap jeepiti Neh ii tha to meh shi chiska use nahi garpati ti But to meh lo padriya aur jeepiti hai to Please, please use jeepiti for understanding To meh samaajne ke leh koud ka khod se dry run bhi kasak te Aagar to meh basic algorithms ka khod samaajne nahi aaya hai to Ittnee saari mein hennad kar deke baad Aagar to meh latta hai ki to meh wo chis Aabi bhi samaajne hai aaya Yaafir to meh se aawr better tari ki se samaajna chaatyeo Taam jhaakar to meh youtube playlist kholo Aar oske under basics algorithms ki video kekna shuru karo This is when you actually go towards a video You don't have to start from a video guys ka moh Video dekh na ek later stage aayi To meh loo pehle hi video dekh na lag saatyeo Koin Netflix dek documenti thodi hai koin movie thodi hai aaya Aafir to meh bol teh ki haambul hai Aafikos to meh bol haga yaa Ye to ek bohat obvisi cheese agar to meh se movie ki tara dekhobet Aabi agar is video ka bhi to meh movie ki tara dekhobet Aabhi agar is video ka bhi to meh ki tara dekhobet Aabhi agar is video ka bhi to meh ki tara dekhobet Kriena tu whom bhu le maintain k le isa re point ki80 moh education và I think I think I am going to have a sweet spot. 30 minutes after 30 minutes you can go and look at the solution. But 30 minutes, 2 questions to decode that question. And how do you understand that question? How do you break down the question? If you want me to make a detailed video, then tell me in the comments section. If you want to make a detailed video, then tell me in the comments section. I will tell you about the problem. If you want to make a detailed video, then tell me in the comments section. If you want to make detailed video, then tell me in the comments section. The question will be decode from the decode and try to think about the solution. And how do you think about it? Again, you have already learnt the same thing. Isaac will be able to change the same thing. Now, let's say you understood a partial solution or no solution is understood. Both the cases will not be understood in the video. You will see a solution. And try to understand it. And let me tell you, how does this code work? It is also a very important exercise that is needed for every code. And I don't know if you are not addressing it or you are underestimating it. You have to understand the code. You have to understand it very well. So, you have to decode that code. Do not look at it. And you can understand that code is going to be decoded. So, you can understand that code is going to be decoded. Let's say, after doing a dry run, you can understand the code. So, if you ask the GPT, you can understand it. Please tell me how this line works. Or you can also show GPT to dry run. You can also show GPT to dry run. So, you can also show GPT to dry run. But if you don't understand it, then you have to click on the playlist. Before you click on the playlist, you have to solve a question in the beginning. If you do 10 questions in such a hard time, then I promise you that you will have to solve this question. I will have to solve this question. And that is my promise. But, you have to get ready to handle this question. And this is the correct way to utilize any resource. Be it DS, be it development. If you are building yourself, you are working on it. And if you are watching another video, then you are 0. You are absolutely 0. Now, let's talk about when you are watching this video. Now, when you are watching this video, then it is very important that you don't know. It is very important. I don't know why people say that they don't know. Basically, you should have notes on algorithms. You have to know how to do your advice. You should have notes for revision. Now, you should make notes on paper. You should make notes on a digital platform. You need notes to revise. Make notes are very important. Now, you should have written points that you were forgetting. How did you apply algorithms? How did you think of the wrong idea? You must have to catch this. How did you think of the different ways in that video? How did you think? How did you think of the wrong idea? You must have to write this in your notes. So that you don't repeat your mistake twice. If you are doing the same question twice, then you will know that I will think of this question. And that's how you watch a video. If you are making notes on a video in a certain detail, then comment again. I will make you a video. You are notes for revision encoding. And please remember that you will never remember what you are reading. So, revision is the key. And to revise, you have to make a lot of history. And one of the simplest ways is to join our Q and Q code community. Which is a free community. I will pin the link in the comments. And in this community, we study the pair of ways. Where two people, you can explain the other questions. We take mock interviews. And in the second, we post the link on the openly. You can do your journey. And I am in tour everybody for free there. So, you guys can enroll in that community. And you guys can enroll in that community as well. Now, you know that how you can use your resources the best way to use it. But if you don't know how to crack a technical interview. So, this is not a point to watch a video. I have made a video in detail how you can crack a technical interview. You can crack a very good way. You shouldn't miss that video. I will link this video. And I will meet you in that video. Bye.